August2020 updates (#13)
b2io/handbook: day-to-day.md

Your work and activities may change day-to-day, but there are general expectations that remain the same.

### We Expect

> - Your best effort to do what's best for you and the company

Reviewer: The phrasing of this now feels out of place with the rest of the items.  Maybe something like:
- Do the best you can
- Self care

- Openness, honesty, and empathy
- Clear communication with the team

> - Conversations to be both understanding and constructive

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Conversations to be both considerate and constructive
```

### We DON'T Expect

- That you know everything on the first day, or ever for that matter
- You to be working at your desk at all times
- You to be working as many hours as possible

> - Your unquestioning agreement with the way things are

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Knowing everything
- Being at your desk at all times
- Working as many hours as possible
- Unquestioning agreement with the way things are
```

Reviewer 2: Great suggestions!  Thank you, Sean!!

I think I we should keep the "that you know everything on your first day", it made me feel a who lot better to see this.  I also think that it's a kind way of acknowledging that we're all human.  Maybe verbose, but I think that helps get the point across.  I'll clean it up a bit.

## Time tracking

We use [Harvest](https://b2io.harvestapp.com/) to track time, and there are [nice apps out there for it](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=harvest+apps) to help you track as you work.

> In order for us to fullfil our obligations to clients and to best work with your team, we ask that you are present at predictable times. Our benchmark number is between 35 and 40 tracked hours, and we operate in good faith that we are doing the best we can for the company without burning out. However, if you are not meeting expectations for reliable time tracking or attendance, another teammate will reach out to you to ask if the issues impeding reliability are fixable. We don't expect you to be logged in from 9-5, but appropriate and reliable communication is paramount when working with a team and for clients.

Reviewer 3: This should probably be between 37 and 42 hours tracked.

Reviewer: That feels a little more arbitrary to me and I think it's worth having an "expected" cap at 40 because _ideally_ we shouldn't be having to do over time to meet our expectations. Obviously reality get's in the way but still.

- Not sure what to track to? Ask! (Seriously.)
- We round up or down to the nearest quarter hour to streamline our billing process
- Everyone can see everyone's time.

>   - Don't panic, no one's stalking you (see code of conduct). Except maybe Tony.

Reviewer 3: Link to code of conduct

Reviewer 4: Should we remove the Tony joke? I can read it both as harmless and as an unnecessary tease.

Also, technically the comma should be a semi-colon or a period.

```
Don't panic. No one's stalking you.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I debated this too.  I'm removing it.

  - Feel free to check out other people's time sheets if you're curious how
    they're tracking things.
- Be honest in tracked time, even if it's short of 40 hours
- If time is not tied to a task number add a description of what you did (future
  you will be pleased)
- When you're not doing client work, track to _Internal_
  - There are lots of buckets in Internal, check them out
  - It gives you (and the team) insight into your past work
- Include details for client work. You do not have to go overboard, but if you are not tracking to a specific development task, try to explain what you spent your time doing.

Try to have the day's hours in and rounded to the quarter hour by the end of the day. If we feel like we have a lot of billable work but aren't tracking a high number of billable hours, that
will likely trigger a conversation around team productivity.

### Flex time

A clear system for time tracking allows for a flexible work schedule without feeling guilty. This allows you to mold your work hours to better fit your personal schedule. For example, if you need to get a haircut, and the best time to schedule that is 2pm on a Thursday, you can make up the hour you miss on

> another day (prior or subsequent). Communicating your away from keyboard time to your teammates is a nice thing to do.

Reviewer 4: 💭 Possible reword. Doesn't have to be this exact wording, but I think "Communicating your away from keyboard time" can be improved.

```suggestion
another day (prior or subsequent). We appreciate you giving teammates a heads up when you'll be out of pocket.
```

Reviewer 2: I pushed this a little more, let me know what you think.

We take coffee pretty seriously (some of us more than others). Coffee beans and other accoutrement are supplied by the company. Feel free to drink any coffee that has been made, and to make more whenever your caffeine-deprived heart desires.

> Aside from coffee, we are also serious about stocking water, fizzy water, soda, and beer at the office. For remote employees, you should be drinking your own water, fizzy water, soda, and beer.

Reviewer 4: 💭 We've had different remote policies in the past, and as far as I know we haven't had much internal discussion about changing it. I think it makes sense to chat about it some more now that we're primarily remote due to Covid and the team growing.

```suggestion
Aside from coffee, we like to stock water, fizzy water, soda, and beer at the office. Currently, we don't reimburse non-coffee treats for remote employees, but we'd like to discuss this further as more of the team has shifted to working remotely.
```

### Remote Meetings

We use [Zoom](https://zoom.us/) for remote meetings. You can sign-up and use Zoom for free with your Base Two email address. The free version works great for 1-1 video calls, but is limited to 40 minutes when there are multiple attendees. We have a paid account through info@base2.io, which is useful for client meetings. The password for the paid account can be found in the [credentials document](https://b2io.slack.com/archives/C904HLD5L/p1516982426000280).

### Base Two Day

Base Two Day is celebrated annually on August 26. It is the anniversary of the founding of Base Two. In the past, this day has been celebrated by hanging out, or participating in Hackathons. Tracking of what has been done on this day is now kept on the team's Google Drive. Discussions around this topic can be found on the [#side-quests](https://join.slack.com/share/zt-h7xz6k8g-FuetGuYYeuKYj34ukKptCg) Slack channel. Base Two Day is also a day when we try to remember to review the handbook!

> ## We Use

Reviewer 2: Flagging so that everyone has a chance to add any software / tool recommendations.
